Feat: Disable config validation (#675)
opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare: .changeset/fresh-crews-move.md

---
"@opennextjs/cloudflare": patch
---

> add an option to not throw on validation of the config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add a `cloudflare.dangerousDisableConfigValidation` config option to not throw on validation of the config
```
